Q1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

A1. Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is essential for the long-term success of a software project. There are many approaches that can help achieve that. One is modluarization, which breaks code down into smaller, manageable functions. This allows the code to be easily reused and also allows changes to be made in certain parts without affecting the whole program. The CRUD python module is a great example of modluarization because it has a function for create, read, update, and delete, which makes it easy to pinpoint bugs and errors as well. It also allows for easy maintenance and updates to the database module without impacting the dashboard code.In addition to modluarization, making sure the code is well tested and commented, helps to create maintainable software. The CRUD python module could also be integrated with other web applications which could provide another way to interact with the database.

Q2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

A2. I approached the project be first understanding the requirements and what the dashboard should do, as well as how it should look. I then started by creating the CRUD class to interact with the database and testing it with a test script. After determining it worked, I then finished creating the dashboard which displayed the data on a map, graph, and a table. The dashboard also allows the user to filter it by using radio buttons.


Q3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

A3. Computer Scientists in general, do various things such as develop software, conduct research, and work with large databases. It matters because advancing technology and driving innovation is important in addressing many problems we face in the world today such as digital security. I believe being able to do work like this is very valuable to companies because it allows non-computer scientists to interact with large databases, by presenting it in a user-friendly interface. This kind of work also allows compaines to do more with their data in terms of how they view it and interact with it.
